\# Dezani Fields

\*\*Adress:\*\* Stamford, CT 06902

\*\*Email:\*\* dezani.fields@uconn.edu

\*\*LinkedIn:\*\* www.linkedin.com/in/dezani-fields

\# Summary

GIS and Urban Community Studies student with experience in projects
dealing with food insecurity, transportation data, and air pollution in
ArcGIS and ArcGIS Online. I enjoy looking at complex datasets and I hope
to enhance my ArcPy skills with large datasets dealing with
environmental issues and transportation crashes.

\# Education

\*University of Connecticut\*, Stamford Campus (Transferred out Fall
2023) \*\*1 University Pl, Stamford, CT 06901\*\*

\*University of Connecticut\*, Storrs Campus (Spring 2023 - Current)
\*\*352 Mansfield Rd, Storrs, CT 06269\*\*

\*Bachelor of Liberal Arts in\* Geographic Information Science

\*Minor in\* Urban and Community Studies

\*Expected Graduation\*: May 2025

\*Cumulative GPA\*: 3.051/4.00

\# Work Experience

\*\*Residential Assistant\*\* \| University of Connecticut, Storrs \|
(August 2024 -- Current)

\* Responsible for the overall management of the entire dormitory floor

\* Activities that bring residents together to build a sense of
community

\* In both dormitory buildings, completing tours of nine floors each

\*\*GIS Technician Intern\*\* \| Connecticut Transportation Safety
Research Center, Storrs, Connecticut \| (January 2024 -- Current)

\* Providing CTDOT with updated transportation information by digitizing
sidewalks, curb ramps, and etc.

\* Corrections to previous intern mistakes related to the digitization
of sidewalks, curb ramps, and etc.

\* Aligning sidewalk data from Google 2019 imagery with the Google
imagery of 2023

\*\*Student Dining Hall Worker\*\* \| University of Connecticut, Storrs,
Connecticut \| (September 2023 -- May 2024)

\* Assisting with the cleaning of tables and dishes

\* Keeping floors clean by mopping and sweeping

\* Making sure students swipe their ID's before entering

\*\*Digital Navigator\*\* \| The Ferguson Library, Stamford, Connecticut
\| (June 2022 -- August 2023)

\* Providing patrons with technical support, software support, and user
assistance

\* Supporting clients in need through the implementation of free
assistive technology

\* Offering clients with affordable network services from a variety of
providers

\* Maintain accurate and timely records of each client\'s progress and
request records

\# University Involvement

\*\*University of Connecticut GEOG-2505 course\*\*, Student (Fall 2023)
\* Completed community food insecurity project for Tolland and Windham
counties

\*\*University of Connecticut Geoscience and Geohazards in Taiwan\*\*,
Student (Winter 2025) \* Performing field mapping of geological
processes to better understand geohazards abroad

\# Interests

\* Learning new programming languages

\* Playing basketball

\* Lifting weights

\* Nutritional health

\* Learning about the stock market

\* Learning about cryptocurrency
